One Pace Premium
Keep the project alive: ko-fi.com/not6ip
One Piece One Piece
Wano Arc Wano Arc Wano Arc
One Piece
Ebisu Town
All right, we're counting on you, good sir.
Leave it to me.
I will take it upon myself...
to lay Yasuie's body to rest in Kuri.
Please provide him with the utmost of care.
Naturally...
We, too, are greatly indebted to Lord Yasuie...
We're all set! Let's get
a move on, Nami and Kanjuro!
Okay!
Ah, I will be right there! Let us make haste!
Have a safe journey!
Wano Country
Kibi
Ringo
Flower
Capital
Kuri
Udon
Hakumai
Oni
At a dock on the way from the Flower Capital to Kuri...
To capture the vile fugitives who
made an attempt on Lord Orochi's life,
we've set up checkpoints
all around the Flower Capital!
All of you, show your faces!
What should we do?
It looks like our escape won't be so easy.
We can't get to Kuri
if we don't get on that boat.
We've gotta figure out a way past it.
What?!
A curse on you!
Th-They're being haunted by a ghost!
Y-You may pass!
We got through somehow...!
How's Otoko?
She's all tuckered out from crying
and is fast asleep in my arms.
I honestly don't know what to say to her...
Daddy!
Bonekichi, give her to me.
You don't provide enough warmth.
How cruel!
That's not true, is it...?
Southwest Kuri
Th-Those are...!
Ships?
Ships...
Ships!
I'm speechless, Ashura!
They'll need a bit of work...
but we salvaged them from all of
Wano's harbors that Kaido laid to waste.
These are enough to ferry thousands
of warriors to Onigashima!
You are quite dependable!
My opinion of you has improved!
Yes, mine too. You were never
known to be so sensible.
It's not as if I was asleep for twenty years!
I will ask Master Franosuke
to service these later!
The journey thus far
has been long and arduous,
but now the day of the raid is within sight!
Onigashima
I'm sure I knocked the ship
off of the waterfall...
King, you bastard!
Always doing things half-assed!
Queen, Bro... Why did you bring her here?
Shut up! We lost comms in Udon!
What was I supposed to do?!
King!
I'll forget what you did to me,
if you join me.
All kinds of people live in
my country... except for three.
One of them seems to have dwindled
and faded into the mists of time...
yet here you stand in the flesh.
I refuse!
That's too bad.
Well, unlock these handcuffs already.
What the hell do you mean, "Well"?!
Forget it, you old bag!
Have you heard?
Big Mom and Viceroy Kaido were once
part of the same pirate crew.
What's going on here? Set her free.
– Viceroy Kaido!
So you finally showed your face, Linlin.
Kaido.
Hey, you! You were told to set me free.
– What?!
No way! It had to have been a joke...
Set her free!
Kaido...!
How many decades has it been...?
Napoleon!
Yes, Mama!
It's so good to have you
back to your normal self!
I'm so shy around strangers,
I couldn't do anything!
I told you I'd kill you
if you showed your face here.
What idiot travels this far
to her own execution?
The
Next
Day
Oihagi
Bridge
Ringo
Two-Sword Style...
Seven-Twenty-Pound Phoenix!
I have more weapons than you!
What's your deal, anyway?!
Are you friend... or foe?!
Who the hell are you?!
Why are you ripping off weapons
from people who cross the bridge?!
Just give me back my sword.
Don't throw away your life
over a single blade.
I cannot allow its return! I shall
give you any sword but that one!
The blade you carried was Shusui,
a national treasure stolen from Wano!
What? Shusui?!
Our misfortune began
the moment it was taken!
The God of the Blade grew wrathful,
bringing defeat after defeat to each region,
until the entire country fell to the invaders!
What's this "god" drivel?!
Blasphemer!
Cease your fighting!
What could compel a samurai and a monk
to fight out in the remote countryside?
What's most humorous is that
neither of you intend to kill the other!
A fishman?
Kawa... matsu...
Kawamatsu?! Is that you?!
How do you know my name?!
Oni-
gashima
When are they gonna stop fighting?!
Should we evacuate to the mainland?!
Listen up, men!
What kind of idiot would run away
while the boss is fighting?!
You buncha babies!
Queen, when'd you get here?
You ran away, too?!
Th-That's not what happened...
Anyway, any word from Udon?
About that, the smail still isn't connecting.
Alright! I'll go check it out!
His Awesomeness is trying to escape! No fair!
No, I said, "I'll go check it out!"
Give me that!
Ah, yes, sir!
Yo, this is Queen!
– All right! Queen!
This is Warden Babanuki in Udon.
Right. It looks like the smails are back online.
Yes, as of just a moment ago.
I took a lot of men back with me.
We can head your way if you're short-handed.
What a cool way to look
for an excuse to leave!
That won't be necessary for now.
Tch!
– Denied!
Straw Hat Luffy, Captain Kid,
and all the troublemakers
are locked in their cells.
I see...
So, I called to tell you all is well.
Tell me all is wrong!
Your Awesomeness!
Prisoner
Mining
Camp
Udon
Over and out.
How was that, Master?!
Good job! Thank you!
You're a good boy!
I sure am!
What sort of sorcery is this?!
A millet dumpling tamed the enemy!
They seem to work on animals
and those with animal powers.
It all went so swimmingly.
And we have you to thank, Caribou!
Oh, yes!
It's all thanks to me!
Now, the enemies outside think that thousands of
us prisoners are just sitting quietly in our cells!
I wonder how surprised the enemy
will be on the day of the battle!
You owe me!
Understood!
Terrific! We can finally
contact Kin'emon's group.
Dr. Chopperemon!
We swear we will repay you for this,
even if it costs us our lives!
It's fine. It was a relatively easy virus to treat.
Besides, a samurai's debt would be
too much of a burden for me.
Th-Thank goodness!
Even Luffytaro's all better...
Let's go, you guys!
– Yeah!
– Luffytaro!
– You're the man!
– Let's do it!
– That's what I'm talking about!
He seems healthy and popular again.
Thanks to Lord Momonosuke bringing
him here, he has earned their trust!
There's no mistaking it.
He has not changed a bit...
It has been so long...
Boss Hyogoro!
Oh, it's them!
Omasa
of Udon
Omasa, the Sanguine Pen!
Tsunagoro
of Hakumai
Split-Hat Tsunagoro!
Ocho
of Ringo
Moonflower Ocho!
Yatappe
of Kibi
Snake-Eyes Yatappe!
Yatappe, Kibi [BROKEN TYPESETTING!!!]
The bosses from each region
were here all along!
To think I would see the day
where I serve you once more.
I am delighted you are all safe and sound!
Your compliments are wasted
on the likes of us.
Indeed, as wasteful as
a bowel movement after a bath.
Absolutely!
That is for sure.
They're so weird! And gramps,
you suddenly got all boss-like with them!
"Gramps"?!
Oh no!
– Tear off his nails!
– Cut off his fingers!
Rip off his ears!
You better straighten up, you punk!
Which one and how many?
– Your orders, Boss?
That's enough! I owe him my life!
We will lose no time in scraping together
any rebels that are still hiding across the country.
Mm-hm! I am counting on you!
– Understood!
You escaped death, young man...
Be careful hereafter.
Like I care, you jerks!
Kuri
Ringo
Udon
Kibi
Flower Capital
Ringo
Hakumai
Kuri
Udon
Ringo
Kuri
Udon
Ringo
Kuri
Udon
Ringo
Kuri
Udon
Ringo
Kuri
Udon
Ringo
Kuri
Udon
Ringo
Hakumai
Kuri
Ringo
Udon
Hakumai
Kibi
Kuri
Ringo
Udon
Hakumai
Flower Capital
Kibi
Kuri
Ringo
Udon
Hakumai
Flower Capital
Kibi
Kuri
Ringo
Udon
Hakumai
Flower Capital
Kibi
Kuri
Ringo
Udon
Hakumai
Flower Capital
Kibi
Kuri
Ringo
Udon
Hakumai
Flower Capital
Kibi
Kuri
Ringo
Udon
Hakumai
Flower Capital
Kibi
Kuri
Ringo
Udon
Hakumai
Flower Capital
Kibi
Kuri
Ringo
Udon
Hakumai
Flower Capital
Kibi
Kuri
Ringo
Udon
Hakumai
Flower Capital
Kibi
Kuri
Ringo
Udon
Hakumai
Flower Capital
Kibi
Kuri
Ringo
Udon
Hakumai
Flower Capital
Kibi
Kuri
Ringo
Udon
Hakumai
Flower Capital
Kibi
Kuri
Ringo
Udon
Hakumai
Flower Capital
Kibi
Kuri
Ringo
Udon
Hakumai
Flower Capital
Kibi
Kuri
Ringo
Udon
Hakumai
Flower Capital
Kibi
Kuri
Ringo
Udon
Hakumai
Flower Capital
Kibi
Kuri
Ringo
Udon
Hakumai
Flower Capital
Kibi
Kuri
Ringo
Udon
Hakumai
Flower Capital
Kibi
Kuri
Ringo
Udon
Hakumai
Flower Capital
Kibi
Kuri
Ringo
Udon
Hakumai
Flower Capital
Kibi
Kuri
Ringo
Udon
Hakumai
Flower Capital
Kibi
Kuri
Ringo
Udon
Hakumai
Flower Capital
Kibi
Kuri
Ringo
Udon
Hakumai
Flower Capital
Kibi
Kuri
Ringo
Udon
Hakumai
Flower Capital
Kibi
Kuri
Ringo
Udon
Hakumai
Flower Capital
Kibi
Kuri
Ringo
Udon
Hakumai
Flower Capital
Kibi
Kuri
Ringo
Udon
Hakumai
Flower Capital
Kibi
Kuri
Ringo
Udon
Hakumai
Flower Capital
Kibi
Kuri
Ringo
Udon
Hakumai
Flower Capital
Kibi
Kuri
Ringo
Udon
Hakumai
Flower Capital
Kibi
Kuri
Ringo
Udon
Hakumai
Flower Capital
Kibi
Kuri
Ringo
Udon
Hakumai
Flower Capital
Kibi
Kuri
Ringo
Udon
Hakumai
Flower Capital
Kibi
Kuri
Ringo
Udon
Hakumai
Flower Capital
Kibi
Kuri
Ringo
Udon
Hakumai
Flower Capital
Kibi
Kuri
Ringo
Udon
Hakumai
Flower Capital
Kibi
Kuri
Ringo
Udon
Hakumai
Flower Capital
Kibi
Kuri
Ringo
Udon
Hakumai
Flower Capital
Kibi
Kuri
Ringo
Udon
Hakumai
Flower Capital
Kibi
Kuri
Ringo
Udon
Hakumai
Flower Capital
Kibi
Kuri
Ringo
Udon
Hakumai
Flower Capital
Kibi
Kuri
Ringo
Udon
Hakumai
Flower Capital
Kibi
Kuri
Ringo
Udon
Hakumai
Flower Capital
Kibi
Kuri
Ringo
Udon
Hakumai
Flower Capital
Kibi
Kuri
Ringo
Udon
Hakumai
Flower Capital
Kibi
Kuri
Ringo
Udon
Flower Capital
Kibi
Kuri
Ringo
Udon
Flower Capital
Kibi
Kuri
Ringo
Udon
Flower Capital
Kibi
Kuri
Ringo
Flower Capital
Kibi
Kuri
Ringo
Flower Capital
Kibi
Kuri
Ringo
Flower Capital
Kibi
Kuri
Ringo
Flower Capital
Kibi
Kuri
Ringo
Flower Capital
Kibi
Kuri
Ringo
Flower Capital
Kibi
Kuri
Ringo
Flower Capital
Kibi
Kuri
Ringo
Flower Capital
Kibi
Kuri
Ringo
Flower Capital
Kibi
Kuri
Ringo
Flower Capital
Kibi
Kuri
Flower Capital
Kibi
Kuri
Flower Capital
Kibi
Kuri
Flower Capital
Kibi
Kuri
Flower Capital
Kibi
Kuri
Flower Capital
Kibi
Kuri
Flower Capital
Kibi
Kuri
Flower Capital
Kibi
Kuri
Flower Capital
What a surprise!
So it seems, the man from Kuri
who made off with the blueprints...
was you all along!
We have been looking for these blueprints
of Kaido's mansion on Onigashima!
Oh, but I put Sir Franosuke
through a lot of trouble...
But now we can plan how
to invade the enemy's territory!
You are quite amazing!
Were you always so sensible?
That's enough outta you, Dog!
Is that you, Raizo? How are things?
Did you rescue Luffytaro?
We accomplished that and so much more!
It's a long story, but a rough estimate
of our current forces is...
Th-Thirty-five hundred?!
How'd we get so many?!
Sir Luffy's safe rescued, and you
even found and freed Kawamatsu?!
Oh, Kawamatsu had been caught as well?
You took control of the mining camp too?!
You accomplished far more
than rescuing Luffy!
Here we come, Onigashima!
– Yeah!
And there are yet warriors
who would join our ranks!
However, I must inform you
of a lingering issue.
Several weapons factories
are scattered throughout Wano,
but almost all their products are
war machines meant for export!
Samurai are more accustomed to
the use of swords and spears.
Currently, procuring those is difficult
due to Orochi's ban on carrying weapons.
If we cannot arm our rebel fighters,
the fight is over before it even begins!
Right, that is understandable!
The problem is serious indeed.
Where can we find swords...?
We have also made progress,
but I will fill you in later!
I need to assess our combat readiness,
so I'll head to Amigasa Village
and make it our base of operations.
Raizo, tell me all about your group
when we meet again!
Understood!
Right, let's go!
Bandit's
Bridge
Ringo
I cannot believe this...
Is it really you?!
Kawamatsu!
Huh?
It cannot be...!
Wait... are you...?
Kawamatsu!
What a surprise to run into you out here!
More than anything, I am overjoyed at
seeing you alive and well, Princess Hiyori!
That's right, she mentioned that
a kappa raised her after her parents died.
Please forgive me for running away
out of fear back then.
Even if it was just a scrap,
you always gave me any food you found...
Alas, my training is incomplete...
Kawamatsu...
I couldn't bear watching you
waste away, year after year.
You would survive if you were on your own...
I was plagued by the thought of my
presence causing your death...!
Your Highness!
Does this mean...?
I'm sorry, Kawamatsu.
Unless I act, you cannot survive!
I was so afraid... I ran away.
"Dear Kawamatsu,
Thank you for everything.
I'll be okay now. Hiyori."
What?!
P-Princess Hiyori!
Princess Hiyori!
Your Highness!
Your Highness...
She is not here either...
Princess Hiyori!
Where are you, Princess Hiyori?!
Princess Hiyori...
Your Highness... Where did you go...?
Your Highness...
Princess Hiyori!
I am sorry. I am truly so sorry.
What a kind-hearted reason!
So that's what happened!
Thanks to you, I've plumped right up!
Who...?!
We've come to take our revenge, Gyukimaru!
We're done with you stealing our weapons!
Today, we take them all back!
You gotta be unable to move now!
This magnum's for hunting savage beasts!
Get behind the trees, Lady Hiyori!
Okay!
Hm? Are they with Gyukimaru?
Whatever. Kill 'em all!
Die!
Kappa Style...
Two-Sword Style...
River of Retribution!
Rhino Cycle!
Master Kawamatsu!
Kawamatsu!
Are you okay, Princess Hiyori?
Master Kawamatsu...
Hey, wait! Are you running away again?!
Bastard! Give me back my Shusui!
Master Kawamatsu, I'm so glad...
to see you alive and well!